#268 add protobuf parquet writer (#339)
streamnative/pulsar-io-cloud-storage: docs/io-cloud-storage-sink.md

### Data format types

Cloud Storage Sink Connector provides multiple output format options, including JSON, Avro, Bytes, or Parquet. The default format is JSON.
With current implementation, there are some limitations for different formats:

> | Pulsar Schema  | writer: Avro | writer: JSON | writer: Parquet | writer: Bytes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table lists the Pulsar Schema types supported by the writers.

| Pulsar Schema  | Writer: Avro | Writer: JSON | Writer: Parquet | Writer: Bytes |
```

|----------------|--------------|--------------|-----------------|---------------|
| Primitive      | ✗            | ✔ *          | ✗               | ✔             |
| Avro           | ✔            | ✔            | ✔               | ✔             |
| Json           | ✔            | ✔            | ✔               | ✔             |
| Protobuf **    | ✔            | ✔            | ✔               | ✔             |
| ProtobufNative | ✔ ***        | ✗            | ✔               | ✔             |
> *: The JSON writer will try to convert the data with a `String` or `Bytes` schema to JSON-format data if convertable.
>

> > **: The Protobuf schema is based on Avro schema, it will use Avro as an intermediate format, so it may not provide the best effort conversion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **: The Protobuf schema is based on the Avro schema. It uses Avro as an intermediate format, so it may not provide the best effort conversion.
```

>

> > ***: The ProtobufNative record holds the Protobuf descriptor and the message, when write to Avro format, the connector will use [avro-protobuf](https://github.com/apache/avro/tree/master/lang/java/protobuf) to do the conversion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ***: The ProtobufNative record holds the Protobuf descriptor and the message. When writing to Avro format, the connector uses [avro-protobuf](https://github.com/apache/avro/tree/master/lang/java/protobuf) to do the conversion.
```

> Support of `withMetadata` config of different formats:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table lists the support of `withMetadata` configurations for different writer formats:
```

| Writer Format | `withMetadata` |
|---------------|----------------|
| Avro          | ✔              |
| JSON          | ✔              |
| Parquet       | ✔ *            |
| Bytes         | ✗              |

> > *: When using `Parquet` with `PROTOBUF_NATIVE` format, the connector will write the messages with `DynamicMessage` format, when `withMetadata` is set to `true`, the connector will add `__message_metadata__` to the messages with `PulsarIOCSCProtobufMessageMetadata` format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> *: When using `Parquet` with `PROTOBUF_NATIVE` format, the connector will write the messages with `DynamicMessage` format. When `withMetadata` is set to `true`, the connector will add `__message_metadata__` to the messages with `PulsarIOCSCProtobufMessageMetadata` format.
```
Another question, I noticed somewhere we use "PROTOBUF_NATIVE" and somewhere use "ProtobufNative". Are they the same? If yes, I think it's better to unify them.

>

> > For example, if a message `User` is from following schema:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For example, if a message `User` has the following schema:
```

> ```protobuf
> syntax = "proto3";
> message User {
>  string name = 1;
>  int32 age = 2;
> }
> ```
>

> > When `withMetadata` is set to `true`, the connector will write the message `DynamicMessage` with following schema:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When `withMetadata` is set to `true`, the connector will write the message `DynamicMessage` with the following schema:
```
